5
PERFORMANCE WORK STATEMENT
PERFORMANCE
STATEMENT
USING DISTRIBUTED LEDGER TECHNOLOGY TO
USING DISTRIBUTED LEDGER TECHNOLOGY TO
TRACK AND MANAGE DIGITAL AND PHYSICAL ASSETS
U.S. TREASURY, BUREAU OF THE FISCAL SERVICE
BPA CALL 2033H618F00212 / TFSAFSABPA17008
TFSAFSABPA17008
TRACK AND MANAGE DIGITAL AND PHYSICAL ASSETS
U.S. TREASURY, BUREAU OF THE FISCAL SERVICE
BPA CALL 2033H618F00212
1.0 OVERVIEW& BACKGROUND
1.0 OVERVIEW
BACKGROUND
The Bureau of the Fiscal Service (Fiscal Service), Office of Financial Innovation and Transformation (FIT),
identifies and facilitates the implementation of innovative solutions that improve the way the Fiscal
Service and other Federal agencies manage the Federal government’s finances.
The Bureau
Fiscal Service (Fiscal Service), Office
Financial Innovation and Transformation (FIT),
identifies and facilitates the implementation
innovative solutions that improve the way the Fiscal
Service and other Federal agencies manage the Federal government’s finances.
In early 2018, FIT completed a proof of concept using distributed ledger technology to track and manage
physical assets such as cell phones and laptops—a solution that if implemented across the Fiscal Service
and across the government could create efficiencies.
In early 2018, FIT completed a proof
concept using distributed ledger technology to track and manage
physical assets such as cell phones and laptops—a solution that if implemented across the Fiscal Service
across the government could create efficiencies.
The Federal government experiences a similar issue in managing digital assets such as software
licenses. The Government Accountability Office (GAO) released a report in 2014 stating the vast majority
of agencies do not have adequate policies [or practices] for managing software licenses.1 GAO went on to
deliver 136 recommendations to agencies in the report suggesting agencies do things such as, “establish
a comprehensive inventory of software licenses using automated tools…” and “analyze agency-wide
software license data, such as costs, benefits, usage, and trending data, to identify opportunities to
reduce costs and better inform investment decision making.” Four years after the release of the GAO
report, many Federal agencies continue to struggle with maintaining an accurate inventory of software
licenses and the amount of money being spent to support the licensing fees that may not even be
needed. Inaccurate inventories cause agencies to overspend on new or existing licenses and software
that is that is not being used.
The Federal government experiences a similar issue in managing digital assets such as software
licenses. The Government Accountability Office (GAO) released a report in 2014 stating the vast majority
agencies
not have adequate policies [or practices] for managing software licenses.1 GAO went on to
deliver 136 recommendations to agencies in
report suggesting agencies do things such as, “establish
a comprehensive inventory
software license data, such
software licenses using automated tools...” and “analyze agency-wide
costs, benefits, usage, and trending data, to identify opportunities to
reduce costs and better inform investment decision making.”
Four years after the release of the GAO
report, many Federal agencies continue to struggle with maintaining an accurate inventory
software
licenses
needed.
amount of money being spent to support the licensing fees that may
Inaccurate inventories cause agencies to overspend
being used.
Now that we have built a foundational understanding for how DLT technically works through developing a
working prototype2 for physical assets, the logical next steps for testing the technology in the Federal
government is to: 1) Gain a deeper understanding of the costs, benefits, risks and challenges associated
with using a DLT solution in a real, Federal technical environment by carrying out a pilot project within the
Fiscal Service, and 2) Explore, through a proof of concept, reusing FIT’s physical asset management
working prototype for a similar use case to track and manage digital assets (i.e., software licenses) on a
distributed ledger network that spans several Federal agencies.
working prototype? for physical assets, the logical next steps for testing
technology in
Federal
government is
Gain a deeper understanding
the costs, benefits, risks and challenges associated
with using a DLT solution in a real, Federal technical environment by carrying
Fiscal Service, and
Explore, through a proof
a pilot project within the
concept, reusing FIT’s physical asset management
working prototype for a similar use case to track and manage digital assets (i.e., software licenses)
distributed ledger network that spans several Federal agencies.
2.0 Objective/Scope of Work
Objective/Scope of Work
The purpose of this performance work statement (PWS) is to outline FIT’s requirements for conducting
The purpose of this performance work statement (PWS) is to outline FIT’s requirements for conducting a
pilot within the Fiscal Service to test the DLT solution in a Federal environment and for conducting a proof
of concept using DLT to track and manage digital assets.
pilot within the Fiscal Service to test the DLT solution in a Federal environment and for conducting a proof
concept using DLT to track and manage digital assets.
Now that we have built a foundational understanding for how DLT technically works through developing
even be
new
existing licenses and software
“Lu :4-413 Federal Software Licenses: Better Management Needed to Achieve Significant Savings Government-
‘wide
U5... t=. “-rward, “working prototype” refers to three separate products: Mobile app (for users to transfer
---4'----,) --aw their assigned asset inventory; Web app (for management viewing real-time inventory statistics
anu waroacuon histories; and blockchain (for recording the entire transactional history and for deploying smart
1 GAO-14-413 Federal Software Licenses: Better Management Needed to Achieve Significant Savings Government-
Wide
2 From here forward, “working prototype” refers to three separate products: Mobile app (for users to transfer
assets and view their assigned asset inventory; Web app (for management viewing real-time inventory statistics
and transaction histories; and blockchain (for recording the entire transactional history and for deploying smart
contracts).

6
Objective 1- Conduct a pilot3 project using FIT’s DLT solution to actively track, transfer, and manage
physical assets (i.e., Fiscal Service cell phones). The pilot is an extension of the proof of concept FIT
completed in early 2018 and is being conducted to gain a better understanding of 1) the DLT solution
technology stack and how it would interact with Treasury systems, most notably, Fiscal Service’s asset
management system; 2) the extent to which a DLT solution can improve the effectiveness, efficiency, and
internal controls (e.g., reliable reporting and compliance with applicable laws, regulations and Department
policies) related to managing and tracking physical assets. Additionally, the pilot is being conducted with
a specific focus on identifying, understanding, and documenting challenges that may be unique to moving
a DLT solution into production (IT governance, security, integration with existing systems, etc.).
In order to carry out a pilot project in Fiscal Service’s technical environment, a proposal outlining the
project is required to advance through Fiscal Service’s governance process for approval (Investment
Review Board (IRB) and Technical Architecture Review Board (TARB)) as well as detailed security
assessments that are necessary for moving software into a piloting environment. As part of this work, the
Contractor shall support FIT in navigating the governance process by completing the required artifacts
necessary to move our working prototype into Fiscal Service’s technical environment for conducting pilot
projects (e.g., governance documents, DLT solution technical diagrams, presentations, briefings).
In the event that the DLT working prototype is approved and is allowed to operate within a Fiscal Service
technical environment appropriate for conducting pilot testing, the Contractor will support FIT with
carrying out pilot testing assessing the degree to which the working prototype impacts the effectiveness,
efficiency and internal controls for managing and tracking physical assets.
Specific Government personnel participation will be provided (e.g., access to IT personnel) to support the
pilot project and will be available for scheduled meetings and work sessions as needed. The DLT
solution that was developed during the proof of concept shall be used to conduct this pilot within the
Fiscal Service. A small sub-set of Fiscal Service employees will participate in the testing phase (Option 2
of the contract) and shall consist of non-bargaining unit employees only.
Objective 2- Conduct a proof of concept4 to assess how, by expanding upon and reusing the physical
asset management working prototype (developed under a previous contract), distributed ledger
technology could be used: 1) as a digital asset registry and inventory system; 2) for real-time awareness
of asset ownership, 3) for the seamless transfer of assets to another party (within the confines of the
current Federal software licensing agreements), and 4) for tracking the utilization of the assets in order to
optimize usage of the software licenses. The proof of concept shall determine the costs and benefits of
using DLT for tracking, managing, and transferring digital assets. Additionally, this proof of concept shall
provide an understanding for how a DLT solution could be architected to serve multiple agencies (i.e.,
more than one agency use the application). The proof of concept is not a pilot and will not result in a
production-ready deployable system, meaning the DLT solution will not be integrated with any Federal
system(s) nor will there be any transfer of Federal data during the period of performance of the award.
The proof of concept shall assess the effectiveness of using DLT as a solution to register, track, and
manage digital assets by using contractor-issued equipment and software licenses.
3 Fiscal Service defines a pilot as “a short-term, small-scale experimental trial of an IT capability in a production
environment for evaluation and testing purposes prior to making the decision to implement on a larger scale.”
4 Fiscal Service defines Proof of Concept as an effort for “determining the viability of an IT product or service to
solve a business problem. IT proof of concepts are installed in a non-production environment.”

7
To gain a better understanding for how a decentralized application could serve multiple agencies, an
advisory board, made up of cabinet level agencies, will provide subject matter expertise and guidance
throughout the development and testing of the working prototype. Government personnel participation
will be provided to support the development of the working prototype and the designated personnel (e.g.,
business and technical, information technology, and Government User Experience subject matter
experts) will be available for scheduled meetings and work sessions.
3.0 Tasks & Deliverables
STAGE 1- PROJECT MANAGEMENT
Primary Task 1—The Contractor shall coordinate weekly with the assigned Fiscal Service Contracting
Officer Representative (COR) to meet with the Government project team and provide weekly status
reports and an updated project work plan (i.e., updated project plan tracking completion of tasks). The
project plan shall be used as the method for scheduling activities and deliverables. Additionally, the
Contractor shall engage in progress/findings discussions with FIT and agency stakeholders detailing the
progress of the proof of concept which could include lessons learned, issues, concerns, etc. discovered
throughout the period of performance.
Primary Deliverable 1—Project Management
Within one week of contract award, the Contractor shall provide a project plan with a description of the
proof of concept approach, deliverable/task schedule, and contractor resources allocated to each task.
The project plan shall be delivered to FIT using Microsoft Project version 10 or higher. The project plan
shall be updated on a weekly basis and shall be presented to the Government project team via a weekly
status report meeting throughout the period of performance. Additionally, the Contractor shall be in
attendance for all meetings, conferences, presentations, etc. at the direction of the COR. Meetings,
conferences, presentations, etc. will be held in person, by conference call, or by web conference. The
venue will be specified by the COR as meetings are scheduled.
STAGE 2- PILOT PHYSICAL ASSET DLT WORKING PROTOTYPE WITHIN FISCAL SERVICE
Primary Task 1—Technical Environment Set-up Support
The Contractor shall provide business knowledge and technical support to FIT as they partner with Fiscal
Service IT to set up a technical environment to test a DLT solution. The technical environment that is to
be established for the pilot will be in a test region, not a production region. The DLT solution (working
prototype) that is to be analyzed was previously developed through another task order. The Contractor
shall work with the Government to understand if the previously developed solution (see Attachment B
Technical Architecture Slides) is usable, or compatible, with the current Fiscal Service technical
environment and IT policies. If it’s not compatible, the Contractor shall document where the solution is
incompatible with Fiscal Service’s technical environment and provide alternative solutions in order to carry
out the pilot project. As part of setting up a technical environment within the Fiscal Service, decisions will
go through a governance process and a security review. The Contractor shall provide the Government
with technical support which could include creating diagrams and presentations that will be used as
conversational or decisional documents throughout the governance process and security review. The
diagrams and presentations will include things such as the description of the technical environment, data
elements that will be used, how data exchanges will occur within the blockchain solution, how the
blockchain will interact and exchange data with legacy Fiscal Service systems and databases, etc.
Primary Deliverable 1—Briefing Materials and Supporting Documents

8
As part of this task, FIT is required to provide briefings to IT, the IRB, and the TARB in order to obtain
approvals for moving forward through the pilot project. The Contractor shall provide the appropriate
supporting materials (diagrams, presentations, business case templates (Attachment C DLT Business
Case Templates), questionnaires, security information, etc.) to support the decisional briefings as well as
any working meetings with FIT and IT. The Contractor shall be present at the decisional briefings and
working meetings as directed by the COR.
Primary Task 2—Execute Testing Phase and Perform Analysis (Optional Task)
Once a technical environment has been established and the DLT working prototype is operational within
a pilot environment, the Contractor shall initiate a testing phase, consisting of test scripts and scenarios
developed by the Contractor, lasting no more than 2 months using the DLT solution to register, track, and
manage cell phone inventory at the Fiscal Service. The testing phase includes working with Fiscal
Service IT to load software onto a small number of Fiscal Service cell phones (no more than 30). If the
cell phones are in an “active” state, they must be registered to a non-bargaining unit employee (i.e., not
affected by Union policies). As part of primary task 1, the Contractor shall develop testing scenarios and
performance metrics in order to communicate the results of the pilot. If previously developed process
maps, technical architecture diagrams or data exchange diagrams are affected as a result of the testing
phase, they shall be updated. The Contractor should have an understanding of the current HP Asset
Management System in place at the Fiscal Service and associated costs in order to compare the current
system with the DLT solution and subsequent pilot results.
Primary Deliverable 1- Pilot Results and Findings
Primary deliverable 1 shall be a pilot results and findings briefing, including supporting documentation,
which shall include the following:
• Description of the pilot objectives and the degree to which the objectives of the pilot were
achieved and carried out
• Description of the test case(s), test scenarios executed throughout the pilot, and the results of the
test scenarios
• Updated process maps or technical architecture diagram(s) (developed during Stage 2 of the
award) as needed
• Description of the metrics used to evaluate the performance of the DLT solution and the
performance metric results achieved
• Lessons Learned
Primary Deliverable 2- Business Case
The Contractor shall deliver a business case detailing the cost benefit analysis (DME and/or O&M costs
associated with the DLT solution if implemented at the Fiscal Service), associated benefits both internal
and external to the Fiscal Service, high-level risks, productivity and revenue enhancements, and a brief
comparison to other solution alternatives (i.e., current physical asset management system in place at the
Fiscal Service).
Primary Deliverable 3- Implementation Roadmap
At the conclusion of the pilot, the Contractor shall provide a roadmap detailing the recommended next
steps to take (e.g., policies and procedures, bargaining unit considerations, additional technology
considerations that may be needed) if the Fiscal Service decides to fully implement the DLT solution. The
roadmap shall include a high-level timeline and milestones.

9
STAGE 3- PROOF OF CONCEPT USING DLT TO TRACK, MANAGE, & TRANSFER SOFTWARE
LICENSES
Primary Task 1—The purpose of this proof of concept is for the Contractor to provide the technical and
business expertise to develop and demonstrate a working prototype of DLT that is used to create the
initial inventory of software licenses being used in the Federal government. The Contractor shall
demonstrate how digital assets can be tokenized and registered on a private DLT platform for the
purposes of inventory, monitoring, and tracking. The Contractors shall develop the working prototype, to
the extent feasible, by reusing the technical stack and DLT solution (i.e., mobile app, web app, and
blockchain) created for the physical asset management DLT solution (see attachment B).
The working prototype shall also include the capability to manage and transfer software licenses between
parties without an intermediary. The transfer of licenses can be intra- or inter-agency transfers; however,
the working prototype shall have the capability to partition off each agency’s software licenses on the
distributed ledger. The culmination of Primary Task 1 also includes a final demonstration and results
briefing of the working prototype as described below in Primary Deliverable 1.
Subtask 1-Document and evaluate the current/as-is process and high-level costs for tracking and
managing digital assets in addition to capturing stakeholder challenges and “friction” points.
Subtask 2- Demonstrate how digital assets can be tokenized and registered on a private DLT
platform for the purposes of inventory, monitoring, and tracking
Subtask 3- Demonstrate how digital assets can be tracked and monitored, including license
utilization, on a private DLT ecosystem that spans several Federal agencies in real-time
Subtask 4- Demonstrate how, through the use of smart contracts, inventory efforts can be
automated and license management can be optimized
Subtask 5- Understand the degree to which a DLT solution could/could not streamline existing
processes related to managing digital assets
Subtask 6- Demonstrate how physical assets can be transferred between two parties (intra- or
inter-agency transfers) within a private DLT ecosystem without the need for an intermediary to
validate the transaction
Subtask 7- Demonstrate how multiple agencies can “share” a DLT solution to track and manage
digital assets without sharing each other’s data (i.e., demonstrate how information can be
partitioned off on the blockchain and defined by user role)
Subtask 8- Demonstrate how a DLT solution can provide real-time acknowledgement of digital
asset transfers
Subtask 9- Understand the degree to which policies, procedures, governance and oversight may
need to change or evolve if the DLT solution were to be implemented
Subtask 10- Understand the DLT solution architecture for DLT applications (such as this working
prototype) that multiple agencies can use (e.g., node set-up and structure, governance)
Primary Deliverable 1- The primary final deliverable shall be a demonstration of the working prototype
showing the capabilities of the DLT solution compared to the current process and shall include a results
briefing to the Government that includes the following:
• Description of the proof of concept scope and objectives and the degree to which they were
carried out and achieved including a description of the test scenarios exercised and test results
• On-site demonstration of the working prototype proving the capabilities of the solution to track,
manage, and transfer software licenses

10
• Current state and future state process maps
• Analysis of the IT infrastructure if the proof of concept were to move to a pilot phase (e.g.,
technical architecture diagram(s), IT roadmap for implementation, etc.)
• Findings and conclusions (including a high-level comparative analysis for using a distributed
approach (distributed ledger technology) vs. a centralized approach (central database), the
rationale for choosing the DLT platform, protocol, wallet software, etc. used for the proof of
concept)
• Lessons Learned
• Recommended next steps, including how this proof of concept could move into a pilot phase, how
the Government should scale the application to include other Federal agencies, and a high-level
roadmap if this proof of concept were to go into implementation
• High-level cost comparison (i.e., major categories of cost) of the current state and future state if
the DLT solution were deployed in a production environment
Primary Deliverable 2-Communication Materials & Website Content
The Contractor shall provide materials that enable FIT to share the working prototype (e.g., the mobile
app, web app, and blockchain software code used for the digital asset proof of concept and physical
asset proof of concept), proof of concept results, and education materials to the broader Federal
community. The delivery of communication materials and website shall include the following:
• A plan for sharing the DLT solution and code with other agencies via open-source sites (e.g.,
Github) or via other public sharing mechanisms.
• Written instructions to publish online explaining how to use the published code that will allow
users with little to no blockchain experience to use the published code
• No more than two animated or informational videos of the working prototypes (physical asset and
digital asset solutions) that can be shared publicly on a website and used for educational
purposes. Videos shall be no more than 2 minutes in length.
• Informational “one-or-two pagers” formatted for web publication describing the proof of concept
and learnings/findings obtained throughout the project
The table below outlines the deliverables and delivery schedule for the Base Award and Optional Task 1:
Contract
Phase
Deliverable
Task Alignment
Project Management Plan Stage 1
Primary Task 1
Primary Deliverable 1
Pilot Briefing Materials &
Supporting Documents
Digital Asset DLT Working
Prototype Results and Final
Demonstration
Stage 2
Primary Task 1
Primary Deliverable 1
Stage 3
Primary Task 1
Primary Deliverable 1
Schedule
Within 1 week of
contract kick-off and
updated and submitted
weekly
Varies; deadlines will be
established as needed
throughout the first 8
months of the contract
8 months after contract
kick-off
Type
Formal and
continuously
updated as
required
Formal
Formal
Base
Award
Base
Award
Base
Award &
Optional
Task 1

11
Communication Materials &
Website Content
Physical Asset Pilot Results &
Findings
Physical Asset Pilot Business
Case
Physical Asset Pilot
Implementation Roadmap
Stage 3
Primary Task 1
Primary Deliverable 2
Stage 2
Primary Task 2
Primary Deliverable 1
Stage 2
Primary Task 2
Primary Deliverable 2
Stage 2
Primary Task 2
Primary Deliverable 3
Varies; deadlines will be
established as needed
throughout the first 8
months of the contract
At the conclusion of the
period of performance
for Optional Task 1
At the conclusion of the
period of performance
for Optional Task 1
At the conclusion of the
period of performance
for Optional Task 1
Formal
Formal
Formal
Formal
4.0 PLACE OF PERFORMANCE
All work performed under this PWS by the Contractor shall be performed at the Contractor’s facilities,
unless otherwise directed by the COR. The Contractor shall be present at the Government’s site for
meetings, conferences, presentations, etc., as directed by the COR. Work performed at the Government
site shall be performed at the following Government facility:
Bureau of the Fiscal Service
401 14th Street SW
Washington, DC 20027
One trip to Parkersburg, WV, not to exceed 5 business days, may be needed during the period of
performance and will be determined by the COR. Any and all travel will be paid at actuals according to
per diem rates. If travel occurs, work performed at the Government site shall be performed at the
following Government facility:
Bureau of the Fiscal Service
320 Avery Street
Parkersburg, WV 26101
5.0 PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE
The period of performance for the Base Award is 06/18/2018 through 02/17/2019.
The period of performance for the Optional Task, if exercised, will be determined based on receiving
approval from the Fiscal Service Investment Review Board (IRB) and Technical Architecture Review
Board (TARB) and the availability of the testing environment for the physical asset management DLT
solution. If required, the optional task shall be exercised earlier than the completion of the Base Award.
The ultimate period of performance for the Base Award and Optional task is 06/18/2018 through
06/17/2019.
Optional
Task 1
Optional
Task 1
Optional
Task 1
Base
Award

12
6.0 ACQUISITION TYPE
This is a Firm Fixed Price (FFP) award for the Base Award and Optional Task.
7.0 KEY PERSONNEL CONTACT(S) & QUALIFICATIONS
The Contractor shall provide qualified and skilled personnel to perform the services under this
requirement. The Contractor shall submit resumes for proposed personnel. Resumes shall demonstrate
the individuals’ qualifications and capabilities to perform the required tasks.
Certain skilled experienced professional and/or technical personnel are essential for successful contractor
accomplishment of the work to be performed. These are defined as “Key Personnel.” Key Personnel
shall be fluent in the English language. Key Personnel shall be knowledgeable of DLT and shall be able
to demonstrate experience using DLT, to include projects in similar size, scope (i.e., asset management,
supply chain management), and complexity. Key Personnel shall have experience with developing or
using an Ethereum DLT solution for tracking and managing physical assets. The proposed project
manager shall possess the Project Management Professional (PMP) certification issued by the Project
Management Institute.
The Contractor identified all Key Personnel in BPA Call Volume 1 Technical Proposal, Section 2.0 Key
Personnel Experience and Capabilities.
8.0 KEY PERSONNEL REPLACEMENT PROCESS
Key personnel may, with the consent or the contracting parties, be amended from time to time during the
course of the contract to add or remove key personnel. A formal modification is only required when the
key personnel are specifically named in the contract. This process only applies to the extent that the
contract does not otherwise specify notice or personnel replacement obligations.
Government Request
The Government may require replacement of key personnel in the instance of non-performance,
misconduct, or alleged misconduct whose continued use under a contract is contrary to the best interests
of the Government. Circumstances that support a request for replacement include but are not limited to
performance that is inconsistent with the contract performance work statement (PWS), terms and
conditions, or violations of Federal laws, regulations, or agency conduct standards. The Contracting
Officer’s Representative (COR) will give written notice to the Contractor of the need for substitution,
including the circumstances surrounding the request for replacement. In accordance with FAR Part
1.602-2(b), the Contracting Officer (CO) will ensure the Contractor receives impartial, fair, and equitable
treatment; however, the CO is not required to investigate or validate allegations or wait until a final
resolution of the circumstances surrounding the request for replacement before requiring substitution of
key personnel.
Within twenty four (24) hours of receiving notice, the Contractor shall respond to the Government’s
request to replace key personnel and provide key personnel replacement resume(s) to the COR(s). The
resume(s) shall demonstrate that the qualifications of proposed replacement key personnel meet the
qualifications stated in the PWS. The COR will notify the Contractor, in writing, within forty-eight (48)
hours of receiving key personnel replacement resume(s) if the Contractor provided replacement
personnel is acceptable. The Government reserves the right to disapprove the proposed substitute(s) and
negotiate with the Contractor for other key personnel replacement(s). Any Contractor replacement of key
personnel must be done in consultation with the COR. The process for replacing key personnel as

13
described above does not suspend the Contractor’s obligation to continue performance under the
contract.
Contractor Request
If the Contractor must substitute key personnel, the Contractor shall provide written notice to the COR
and the CO two (2) calendar weeks before the proposed replacement date, whenever possible. At a
minimum, the Contractor shall provide the Government with notice forty-eight (48) hours before
replacement. The only exception to the forty-eight (48) hour notice is death, incapacitation, abrupt
termination, or resignation from employment of key personnel where the Contractor’s notice was less
than forty-eight (48) hours. If the deadline for providing notice falls on Friday after 5:00 pm, a weekend, or
on a Federal Holiday, the Contractor shall provide notice the next business day if more than forty-eight
(48) hours. The notice shall state the circumstances necessitating the proposed substitution of the key
personnel and shall provide resume(s) of proposed replacement key personnel for review and
consultation. The Contractor shall demonstrate that the qualifications of the proposed substitute(s) meet
the qualifications stated in the PWS. The Government reserves the right to disapprove the proposed
substitute(s) and negotiate with the Contractor for other key personnel replacement(s). Assignment of key
personnel must be done in consultation with the COR.
9.0 OTHER REQUIREMENTS
Building Access and Suitability Clearance
Upon award of the contract, and prior to the contractor or subcontractor personnel performing any
services for the first time at Fiscal Service premises as listed in Section 4.0 – Place of Performance, the
contractor shall present those personnel to the COR and follow the COR’s instructions regarding building
access and security requirements. See Attachment A – Security Requirements for details.
Compliance with Government Laws, Rules, and Regulations
While the contractor’s personnel are at the Government facility, the contractor is responsible for
compliance with all laws, rules, and regulations governing conduct with respect to health and safety – not
only as they relate to its employees and agents, but also to other personnel who are government
employees or agents of the government and to property at the site regardless of ownership. While on
government premises and in possession of government property, the contractor is responsible for such
property and any damages thereto.
Confidentiality
The contractor recognizes that, in performing under this order, the contractor may obtain access to
nonpublic information that is confidential or proprietary in nature. Except as permitted by the order, the
contractor agrees that it, its employees, its subcontractors, and its subcontract employees shall not
disclose to any third party, or otherwise use, any information it obtains or prepares in the course of
performance of this agreement for any purpose other than to perform work under the order without first
receiving written permission from the contracting officer (CO). The contractor shall secure information
received from or prepared or gathered for the Treasury Department under this order in a secure location
with access limited to only those personnel with a “need to know.” If disclosure of information is required
by law or legal process, the contractor shall contact the COR and the CO immediately to receive approval
prior to release of any information. Notwithstanding any other language contained herein, the contractor
shall comply with 31 CFR § 31.217 (Regarding 31 CFR §31.217, this is not a TARP covered project;
however, FAS requires that nonpublic information be secured as stated in 31 CFR § 31.217. The only
difference is that if information is inadvertently released, the contractor shall contact the COR and CO

14
listed in the order and not contact TARP personnel). The contractor personnel performing services under
this order shall comply and complete the security requirements listed in Attachment A – Security
Requirements at least two weeks before start date of the order performance or performing work under
this order.
Non-Personal Services Statement
Contractor employees performing services shall be controlled, directed and supervised at all times by
management personnel of the contractor. Contractor employees shall perform independent of and without
the supervision of any Government official with the exception of when they are on–site at the
government’s facility. Actions of contractor employees may not be interpreted or implemented in any
manner that results in any contractor employee creating or modifying Federal policy, obligating the
appropriated funds of the U.S. Government, overseeing the work of Federal employees, providing direct
personal services to any Federal employee or otherwise violating the prohibitions set forth in Parts 7.5
and 37.1 of the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR).
Conduct
The contractor, although in fact not a Government employee, shall comply with Executive Order 11222,
May 8, 1965, "Prescribing Standards of Ethical Conduct for Government Officers and Employees," and
shall also comply with Fiscal Service regulations implementing this Executive Order. Additionally, the
contractor shall comply with all safety practices, vehicle registration, speed limits and any other Fiscal
Service regulations and policy applicable to conduct standard. Contractor personnel driving a motor
vehicle on Fiscal Service property cannot use a cell phone unless the vehicle is safely parked or the
driver is using a hands-free device. Additionally:
1. The contractor shall maintain satisfactory standards of the employee competency, conduct,
appearance, and integrity.
2. The contractor shall take appropriate disciplinary action against his/her employees when
necessary.
3. Each contractor employee is expected to adhere to standards of conduct that reflects credit on
themselves, their employer and the Government.
4. The Government reserves the right to direct the contractor to remove an employee from the work
site for failure to comply with the standards of conduct.
5. The contractor shall initiate immediate action within 48 hours to replace a removed employee to
maintain continuity of services at no additional cost to the Government.
10.0 CONTRACTING OFFICER AUTHORITY
In no event shall any understanding or agreement between the contractor and any Government employee
other than the CO on any order modifications, change orders, letter or verbal direction to the contractor
be effective or binding upon the Government. All such actions shall be formalized by the proper
contractual document executed by the appointed CO. The contractor is hereby put on notice that if a
Government employee other than the CO directs a change in the work to be performed or increases the
scope of work to be performed, it is the contractor’s responsibility to make inquiry of the CO before

15
making the deviation. Payments will not be made without being authorized by the appointed CO with the
legal authority to bind the Government.
11.0 FEDERAL HOLIDAYS
Fiscal Service observes the Federal holidays that are listed below and on the Office of Personnel
Management website at https://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/pay-leave/pay-administration/fact-
sheets/holidays-work-schedules-and-pay/. Except as specified by the CO, services shall not be required
on the following Federal holidays:
New Year’s Day, January 1
Inauguration Day (Washington, DC only), January 20
Martin Luther King’s birthday, third Monday in February
President’s Day, last Monday in May
Independence Day, July 4
Labor Day, first Monday in September
Columbus Day, second Monday in October
Veterans’ Day, November 11
Thanksgiving Day, fourth Thursday in November
Christmas Day, December 25
Holidays falling on Saturdays are observed on Friday proceeding the holiday, while those falling on
Sundays are observed on the Monday following the holiday. Holidays shall also include any additional
day(s) granted by executive order.
12.0 QUALITY CONTROL PLAN
The contractor shall establish a complete quality control plan, or QCP, for this contract. The QCP shall be
maintained by the contractor to ensure that the requirements of the contract are met as specified in the
Quality Assurance Surveillance Plan described below.
13.0 QUALITY ASSURANCE SURVEILLANCE PLAN
The purpose of the quality assurance surveillance plan, or QASP, is to ensure that reliable, uninterrupted
services are provided in accordance with the PWS. This plan will also ensure acceptable performance
and assist in avoiding unnecessary mistakes and/or delays.
During contract performance, the COR will summarize and document the contractor’s service and delivery
performance utilizing the following performance categories and standards:
Completeness - Tasks and deliverables described in Section 3.0 were 100% completed by the
contractor.
Effectiveness - Tasks and deliverables provided by the contractor were 100% effective toward
contributing to the overall success of the project.
Timeliness - Tasks and deliverables were 100% completed within the agreed-upon schedule and
specified periods of performance.

16
Communication - Communication with the Government was 100% professional.
Surveillance method: random evaluation. This method employs a “spot check” style of evaluation and
may be adjusted based on quality trends. The Government retains the right to inspect all requirements of
the order.
Incentives/Disincentives
Incentive: If the contractor performs the tasks and deliverables in accordance with the performance
standards described above, then satisfactory comments/ratings will be documented on the contractor’s
past performance.
Disincentive: If the contractor does not perform the tasks and deliverables in accordance with the
performance standards described above, then unsatisfactory comments/ratings will be documented on
the contractor’s past performance.
Performance issues: If the Government evaluations identify unacceptable performance in any of above
categories, the COR will record it and notify the contractor within three (3) business days. The contractor
will be required to initial the observation. Initialing of the observation does not constitute contractor
concurrence with the observation; it only indicates acknowledgement that the contractor has been made
aware of a potential performance issue(s). The contractor shall meet with the Government for developing
and implementing a plan to correct any performance issue(s) at no additional cost to the Government. If
the contractor does not agree with correcting the unacceptable performance issue(s) within the time
specified by the Government, then the COR will notify the administrative contracting officer, or ACO, who
will take the appropriate administrative action for unacceptable performance.
14.0 SECURITY REQUIREMENTS
The contractor personnel performing services under this order shall comply with all of the security
requirements listed in Attachment A – Security Requirements.
