CONFIDENTIAL ~ DMS Template ID: 4355286 (v4) ~ pg. 1
Statement of Work No. 1498944
Asset Performance Monitoring
This Statement of Work (“SOW”) is entered into by Google LLC (“Google”) and the contractor
identified below (“Contractor”). This SOW is issued under the Amended and Restated Master
Services Agreement (Agreement) between Google LLC and International Business Machines
Corporation dated November 24, 2020 (the “MSA”).
A. The MSA’s defined terms apply to this SOW unless this SOW expressly states otherwise.
B. All references to Services and Deliverables below are restricted to the Services and
Deliverables under this SOW, and not those under the parties’ other SOWs, if any.
C. The terms in the MSA will take precedence over conflicting terms in this SOW, unless the
parties expressly agree in this SOW to supersede specific provisions of the MSA.
D. Contractor (and its Point of Contact) will work with the Google Point of Contact listed
below.
E. NO SERVICES MAY BE PERFORMED UNTIL GOOGLE AND CONTRACTOR SIGN
THIS STATEMENT OF WORK AND GOOGLE ISSUES A VALID PURCHASE ORDER.
1. Contractor
Full legal name:
Point of Contact name:
Point of Contact telephone:
Point of Contact email:
International Business Machines
Corporation
stephen.p.bombassei@ibm.com
(847) 269-8885
stephen.p.bombassei@ibm.com
2. Google
Point of Contact name:
Point of Contact telephone:
Point of Contact email:
Lisa Lange
(281) 892-9363
langelisa@google.com
3. SOW Term
“SOW Effective Date”
(Check only one)
X The date Google signs this SOW
☐ The following date:
“SOW End Date” December 31, 2022
Unless terminated earlier in accordance with the MSA, the SOW will begin
on the SOW Effective Date and end on the later of:
A. the SOW End Date; or
B. the end of the last Inspection Period under this SOW (as described in
MSA Section 2 (Services and Deliverables)).
CONFIDENTIAL ~ DMS Template ID: 4355286 (v4) ~ pg. 2
4. Services and Deliverables. Contractor will provide the following Services and
Deliverables to Google:
4.1 Overview and Approach
Contractor is pleased to present this SOW for Services which will provide architecture, design and
implementation support for provisioning Maximo Application Suite Health and Predict for Utilities
(“MAS HPU”) supporting the Google Data Center. Contractor’s IBM Managed Services team will
establish development, test and production environments to provide the AI-based conditional,
predictive maintenance of key assets in the data center to ensure business operations continuity
pursuant to SOW # 1522119. The approach would be to develop the Asset Performance Monitoring
(“APM”) solution for all identified critical assets in data center and support Google IT to roll the
solution to other data centers.
Project Scope
The scope of this project includes:
● Prime the Maximo Application Suite (“MAS”) environments with the asset types/instances
into the IBM provisioned MAS environment. The MAS environments will be provisioned by
the Contractor’s IBM Managed Services team pursuant to SOW # 1522119.
● Implement the analytical models for the MAS HPU asset scores, related to health, effective
age, risk, criticality, and failure probability, for two identified asset classes in a single data
center identified by Google. For the purposes of this SOW, the two asset classes identified
are Generators and Switchgear
● Ingest data related into the MAS platform for the two identified asset classes, assuming
that the data will be provided in the required MAS data format by Google.
● Configure the out of the box MAS HPU operational dashboards for the asset health related
KPI (health/risk/aging/criticality/prob of failure), with actionable services integrating with
Google’s Maximo instance for appropriate maintenance order processing
● Validate the personas addressed by MAS HPU and ensure role-based access for the users
● Provide knowledge transfer to the Google team, so that the Google team is enabled to
scale the solution out to other data centers and asset classes.
This solution will ensure business continuity operations, based on the health of the critical assets
in the data center. The solution will help Google:
● Actively track asset health, maintenance needs based on data, as opposed to traditional
scheduled or breakdown maintenance
● Interface with Google’s existing Maximo for actionable outcomes related to the following
maintenance strategies:
o Plan and schedule the maintenance work orders
Solution Architecture
MAS HPU capabilities:
● IBM MAS HPU enables AI-powered remote monitoring at enterprise scale, for asset
maintenance and operations leaders seeking to improve operating performance with fewer,
more accurate alerts, and greater insights into what is causing them.
● Here is a high-level functional architecture diagram for MAS:
CONFIDENTIAL ~ DMS Template ID: 4355286 (v4) ~ pg. 3
Included Services
IBM MAS HPU includes the following container-based Services, that will help Google achieve the
above business benefits to scale monitoring to the enterprise:
MAS Platform Analytics Service
● Data processing and analysis of historical data using the included Analytics Service (avail.
at https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/mapms/1_cloud?topic=analyzing-data)
● Data cleansing and transformation
● Job scheduling
● Pipeline analysis
● Data events and actions
● Alerts and notifications
● Data service connections
● MAS Health and Predict Utilities (HPU) provides health models for a subset of assets specific
to the E&U industry. These out-of-the-box (“OOB”) models provide the following 5 scores
(Health, Effective Age, End Of Life. Risk, Criticality)
● MAS Predict provides models related to Failure Probability and Anomaly Detection.
MAS Database Service
To store data for all the above Services using the included Database Service. IBM MAS HPU
supports IBM DB2, Oracle, and Microsoft SQL data stores in an on-premise implementation.
MAS Object Storage Service
● To store logs and files for above services using the included Cloud Object Storage Service
(avail. at https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/mapms/1_cloud?topic=data-accessing-logs)
● For long term storage of device sensor data
● To store images
CONFIDENTIAL ~ DMS Template ID: 4355286 (v4) ~ pg. 4
MAS Security and Authentication
When Google uses Maximo Application Suite, Google has a secure end-to-end solution for Google’s
data and access. Each service component manages the security of its part of the solution.
Examples:
● Data security and integrity is managed by each of the storage solutions.
● User authentication is managed by each component by using the single sign-on method.
● Inter-service data flow takes place over secure communication with encrypted data per IBM
Standard Security policies.
Solution Overview
In support of Google Data Center Asset, Contractor proposes a solution based on IBM MAS and
associated components and services. The MAS product combines services for predictive and
descriptive analytics. The MAS HPU offering incorporates Monitor, Health, and Predict modules for
asset performance management.
Technical Solution
● The detailed architecture of the solution will be developed and documented during the
initial design phase. The solution will be based on the MAS solution components and will
attempt to use the out-of-the-box (OOB) capabilities as much as possible. Once the design
is complete, the assessment of the extent to which the OOB capabilities can be used will
also be determined and documented.
System Interfaces
● As much as possible, standard MAS interfaces to the ingest location, asset and reading
data into MAS will be used. As part of the initial assumptions, Google will provide the data
in the MAS HPU CSV file format, and the standard MAS HPU AppConnect ingestion flows
will be used to ingest data into MAS.
● Contextual Data – There are additional contextual data that will be provided by Google for
the customization of the predictive models which will be utilized as part of the predictive
model building. It is assumed that such data will be made available at regular predefined
intervals as CSVs. As part of the detailed data exploration phase, the team will identify the
contextual data required.
● MAXIMO – Based on initial discussions, Google will expose the required interfaces to the
existing EAM system to create work orders. These interfaces will then be invoked in the
IBM MAS solution to create work orders, based on the asset health conditions calculated in
the MAS platform.
Users
● Google will use the MAS system to gain insights into health of the equipment and plan for
maintenance activities
● Google Operators and process engineers will use the MAS system to view KPIs to gain
insights into performance and identify control parameters that need to be adjusted
Logical Architecture
● The logical architecture describes the key building blocks that form part of the solution. The
diagram below depicts the logical architecture of the solution.
CONFIDENTIAL ~ DMS Template ID: 4355286 (v4) ~ pg. 5
The key building blocks of the solution are:
● Integration
● Analytics
● Data Services
● Visualization
● Reporting
● Access and Authentication
Integration
The planned interfaces are:
● Data Ingestion into MAS : for asset , location and reading data will be achieved using the
standard MAS provided interfaces for ingestion. Google will provide data in the required
format for ingestion by the Google team. The existing MAS AppConnect flows will be used
for data ingestion.
● Contextual data – The interface for contextual data is assumed to be CSV files which are
stored at a common storage point. The interface will read the contextual data periodically
in terms of CSVs and parse the data and store into data stores within the platform.
● Interfaces to create work orders in Google’s Maximo EAM system: Google will expose the
required APIs that would be used to create work orders from the IBM MAS solution.
Out of the Box Analytical Framework Models
Analytics forms the key component of the platform.
Models
● The MAS platform provides an engine to deploy the predictive models built for the
identified scenarios. These models are configured to run at periodic intervals providing
recommendations and scores. The models are unique to each asset and visualized on
dashboards.
CONFIDENTIAL ~ DMS Template ID: 4355286 (v4) ~ pg. 6
● The Analytics Framework provides a machine learning (ML) pipeline which is invoked on
condition and periodicity for scoring. This processes the raw, on-line data that is received
from equipment and calculates the KPIs.
● IBM MAS provides a well-defined methodology for developing the ML pipeline models
which provide asset health, operating efficiencies and throughput information.
● Depending on the commonality of data sets for the asset classes across data centers, it
may be possible for the models developed for initial data center site(s) to be reused and
replicated for other sites as well.
Visualization
● IBM MAS provides out of the box, configurable dashboards for visualizations of analytics
outputs.
● These dashboards provide support for different chart types, such as line graphs, text and
table. The existing MAS OOTB dashboard capabilities will be used to represent different
visualizations of the analyzed data.
Access and Authentication
● The solution will provide for role-based access control. Different users and roles will be
configured manually in the solution. Different Google users and roles will login to the
dashboards and view different equipment-related dashboards, based on the user and role.
● User provisioning onto IBM MAS will be done manually. Up to fifty (50) Google users will be
onboarded onto the initial pilot system.
Deployment Architecture
CONFIDENTIAL ~ DMS Template ID: 4355286 (v4) ~ pg. 7
Environment Provisioning/Priming for Data Center assets in IBM Managed environment.
● The MAS will be provisioned in IBM Managed Cloud and Google will support the appropriate
ports opening for Cloud Object Storage, (COS), based file transfer for data ingestion and
connectivity to MAXIMO environment.
● If necessary for Contractor to perform the Services under this SOW, Google will provide
Contractor access to the MAS on Google’s premises to enable Service requests for
processing maintenance work orders; provided, however, Contractor shall not have
unescorted access to Google’s premises. Any Contract Personnel access to Google
premises shall be escorted.
Key Assumptions
This SOW and Contractor’s estimates are based on the following key assumptions. Deviations
that arise during the proposed project will be managed through the Project Change Control
Procedure, and may result in adjustments to the project scope, estimated schedule, charges, and
other terms as applicable.
a. The Maximo Application Suite (MAS) will be provisioned on IBM Cloud and managed by
IBM Managed services pursuant to SOW # 1522119. The IBM Managed Cloud environment
will be priced accordingly in a separate agreement.
b. All Services will be provided remotely.
c. Support and development for non-IBM software is out of scope and not included in this
SOW.
d. Any changes in the project will be governed by the MSA, Section 2.4 (Change Control
Procedure).
e. The scope of this Service contract is limited to a single Google Data Center / Site.
f. Based on asset prioritization and data availability, two asset classes (generators and
switchgear) are in scope for this minimum viable product (MVP). If during the detailed
analysis and model development phase, for either asset class, it is determined that the
available asset class data is insufficient for building models with required accuracy, the
Contractor and Google will meet to determine an alternative asset class. At that time,
based on the additional effort needed, a Change request may need to be created.
g. Google will be responsible for providing the data in the required format for data ingestion in
the IBM MAS platform.
h. Three environments will be required for this project – Development (Dev), Test, and
Production. Provisioning, installation and management of these environments will be
handled by IBM Managed Services pursuant to SOW # 1522119 and is not in scope of this
SOW .
i. The analytical models for the two asset classes will be based on the out of the box (OOTB)
models from IBM MAS. Contractor will work with Google’s data to determine if the OOTB
models can be used and produce accurate results.
j. Contractor will use two of OOTB models from MAS Predict, namely failure probability
prediction and anomaly detection, for each asset class.
k. Contractor will work with the Google asset class SMEs to go through the detailed data
available and required to build the failure probability prediction and anomaly detection
models for each asset class.
l. The quality and accuracy of the models will be a function of the quality of the data available
for each asset class. For example, to build an accurate failure prediction model, Contractor
will need a representative sample set of past failures for each asset class.
m. The identified data needed for data exploration and iterative model building will be made
available, in the required format, by Google, before the start of the planned activity
n. The identified data sets required for data ingestion and model scoring will be provided, in
the required format, by Google, before the start of the planned activity for data ingestion. 
CONFIDENTIAL ~ DMS Template ID: 4355286 (v4) ~ pg. 8
o. Contractor will need access to the Google asset class SMEs during initial data exploration
and model results validation. If at the end of the model building phase for each asset class,
it is determined that the accuracy of the models is not sufficient for deployment to
Production, then Contractor and Google will meet to determine the next steps. If the next
course of action involves additional effort that was not originally estimated in this SOW,
then a change request will be negotiated in accordance with the MSA, Section 2.4.
p. In order to access the data and environment, Contractor Personnel will require
Chromebooks that Google would arrange if necessary for Contractor to perform the
Services under this SOW. This requirement is subject to change, depending on the
environment deployment options. Any Google resources provided to Contractor shall
remain Google property (including Google Intellectual Property).
q. This SOW does not include the hours needed for support after Go-Live. A separate estimate
of post Go-Live support hours will be provided.
r. Contractor will provide information transfer sessions of the solution components used for
this project. Formal MAS product training is not included in this SOW.
s. Based on the current plan, model development for both asset classes will be done in
parallel. Since the deployment in Production and UAT Testing prior to Go-Live will require
certain activities to be done in parallel, to meet the planned Go-Live dates, Contractor will
deploy the Generator (for first) asset class into Production, and Google will deploy the
switchgear (or second) asset class into Production.
t. The estimated project timeline and estimated number of hours make no allowance for
delay. Contractor and Google project managers will work closely to mitigate the risks
associated with any delay and determine if a change request is required, in the event of a
delay.
u. If the estimates of related number of asset instances, amount of reading data required for
model training and scoring, size of the data on disk , and number of concurrent users
change, the hardware sizing will be re-estimated.
v. Google will provide existing documentation (data dictionaries, failure code definitions etc,
for example) relevant to the project.
w. Active Directory integration to using Google LDAP will be provided OOTB in MAS. This
feature will support user authentication for all the Google Data Center sites.
x. Role based access control will be based on what is provided OOTB from MAS.
y. MAS provides scoring model execution scheduler, with schedule frequency as required by
Google policy.
Description of activities under this SOW:
a. Contractor Responsibilities – High Level
i. Contractor will validate and verify the Maximo Application Suite Health
and Predict for Utilities (MAS HPU) environment once the IBM Managed
Services Team provisions and installs MAS HPU. The installation of the
MAS HPU software in the three environments (Dev, Test and Production)
will be the responsibility of the IBM Managed Services Team pursuant to
SOW # 1522119.
ii. Contractor will prime the MAS HPU environment with the assets starting
with an identified data center enabling scale out to other data centers.
iii. Contractor will customize and configure the MAS HPU offering to validate
the upgrade to MAS Manage (Functional testing of CI functions, mobility,
security)
CONFIDENTIAL ~ DMS Template ID: 4355286 (v4) ~ pg. 9
iv. Contractor will work with Google to define, implement, test and validate
the interfaces to external systems.
v. Contractor will define data and storage governance in terms of backup,
restore and archival based on volumetrics. The Maximo Application Suite
supports three database platforms: SQL Server, Oracle and IBM DB2.
b. Activity 1 - Project Management. Contractor will provide project management
Services for the Contractor responsibilities in this SOW (Section 5.1.a).
Contractor will provide technical direction and control of Personnel providing
Services under this SOW and to provide a framework for project planning,
communications, reporting, procedural and contractual activity. This activity is
composed of the following tasks Contractor will perform:
i. Planning Contractor will provide the following planning Services:
A. Review the SOW and the contractual responsibilities of both parties
with Google Project Manager.
B. Maintain project communications through Google Project Manager.
C. Coordinate the establishment of the project environment.
D. Establish documentation and procedural standards for Deliverables
provided under this SOW.
E. Assist Google Project Manager to prepare and maintain the project
plan for the performance of this SOW which will include the activities,
tasks, assignments, milestones and estimates.
F. Review with Google the hardware required for the performance of this
SOW.
ii. Project Tracking and Reporting Contractor will provide the following
project tracking and reporting Services:
A. Review project tasks, schedules, and resources and make changes or
additions, as appropriate.
B. Measure and evaluate progress against the project plan with Google
Project Manager.
C. Review the Contractor standard invoice format and billing procedure
to be used on the project, with Google Project Manager.
D. Work with Google Project Manager to address and resolve deviations
from the project plan.
E. Conduct regularly scheduled project status meetings.
F. Report time spent on the project to Google Project Manage.
G. Administer the Project Change Control Procedure with Google Project
Manager.
H. coordinate and manage the technical activities of Contractor project
Personnel.
iii. Activity 1 Completion Criteria. The Services under Activity 1 are ongoing
activities and will be considered complete at the end of the SOW Term.
iv. Activity 1 Deliverables. Contractor will provide Google weekly status
reports summarizing the Activity 1 Services.
c. Activity 2 - Design Workshops with Google Team. Under this activity, Contractor
will perform Services which include the following tasks:
i. Contractor will plan, conduct and attend Discovery and Data Integration
Workshops with Google team. The output of these workshops will be the
CONFIDENTIAL ~ DMS Template ID: 4355286 (v4) ~ pg. 10
required understanding of data sources, structure, and architecture for
integration and constructing predictive models.
ii. Based on the current asset class selection (generators and switchgear),
Contractor will have focused workshops for each asset class and
establish the data readiness of the equipment.
iii. Contractor will gather and document detailed requirements for
persona/user groups, role, dashboard and prediction KPIs.
iv. Contractor will share with Google integration methodology for pilot phase
with external systems.
v. Contractor will determine quality and types of data, identify any gaps and
proceed with available data. Google to share the asset work order data
(historical data) – condition based, parametric, failure, maintenance and
production planning.
vi. Activity 2 Completion Criteria. The Services under Activity 2 will be
considered complete when the above tasks are completed.
vii. Activity 2 Deliverables. None
d. Activity 3 - Environment Provisioning. Under this activity, Contractor will
perform the following tasks.
i. provision the MAS 8.7 HPU in the IBM Cloud. The provisioning,
installation and management of the environments will be performed by
the IBM Managed Services team pursuant to SOW # 1522119.
ii. Provide specifications for safelisting certain ports for exchanging data
based on file transfer agreed to as part of the solution arch.
iii. Validate the functional working of the installed environments once
completed by the IBM Managed Services team.
iv. Note : There will be 3 environments provisioned in the IBM cloud dev/test,
staging, production.
v. Activity 3 Completion Criteria. The Services under Activity 3 will be
considered complete when the MAS environment(s) are provisioned on
the IBM Cloud with appropriate access to Google development as well as
end users. Activity 3 Deliverable Materials: None
e. Activity 4 - Establish Data Integration Approach. Under this activity, Contractor
will perform the following Services:
i. Contractor will provide Google a detailed specification for the data
ingestion formats into the MAS platform.
ii. Contractor will work with Google to arrive at the design and approach for
the data transformation and ingestion into MAS. Google will be
responsible for providing Contractor the data required in a format that
can be ingested by the IBM MAS platform.
iii. Contractor will design the approach for the automated creation of work
orders from MAS to Google’s existing EAM system.
iv. Activity 4 Completion Criteria: The Services under Activity 4 will be
considered complete, when the above tasks are complete.
v. Activity 4 Deliverables: Contractor will provide Google a detailed data
specification document and design document for the integration of data
into MAS Platform. The detailed specification document will contain a
listing of the functional requirements, use case descriptions and the nonfunctional requirements (such as the number of concurrent users, data
volumes, and SLAs for the model scoring etc.). The design document will
CONFIDENTIAL ~ DMS Template ID: 4355286 (v4) ~ pg. 11
contain the high level solution architecture, data model specification,
architecture decisions, design decisions, API specifications.
f. Activity 5 - Asset Class 1 Development (Generators). For Asset Class 1
(Generators), Contractor will perform the following Services:
i. Contractor will conduct data analysis for the equipment to develop a
Health Index score based on criticality of the equipment, aging, and
probability of failure with appropriate risk.
ii. Contractor will ingest data for generators for the designated site into the
MAS platform.
iii. Contractor will conduct iterative feature engineering with machine
learning based model development for prediction of equipment failures.
iv. Contractor will model validation using test data.
v. Contractor will model validation results using blind test data.
vi. Contractor will review results of the models with Google SMEs.
vii. Contractor will determine Go/NoGo decision from Google, based on
model validation results.
viii. Contractor will finalize the models that can be deployed to production
environment
ix. Activity 5 Completion Criteria: The Services under Activity 5 will be
considered complete when the above tasks are completed.
x. Activity 5 Deliverables: Contractor will provide Google an Asset Class 1
Model Validation Report. Model Validation Report will include the
following:
1. Goal of the modeling exercise (failure prediction, anomaly
detection, heath scoring)
2. Data sets used
3. Data quality summary
4. Modeling techniques used
5. Model results for each iteration
6. Model deployment considerations
7. Data required for the model scoring pipeline
8. Decisions / assumptions captured during validation sessions
g. Activity 6 - Asset Class 2 Development (Switchgear). For Asset Class 2
(Switchgear), Contractor will perform the following Services:
i. Contractor will conduct data analysis for the equipment to develop a
Health Index score based on criticality of the equipment, aging and
probability of failure with appropriate risk.
ii. Contractor will ingest data for Switch Gears for the designated site into
the MAS platform.
iii. Contractor will conduct iterative feature engineering with machine
learning based model development for predict of failures.
iv. Contractor will model validation using test data.
v. Contractor will model validation results using blind test data.
vi. Contractor will review results of the models with Google SMEs.
vii. Contractor will determine Go/NoGo decision, based on model validation
results.
viii. Contractor will finalize the models that can be deployed to production
environment.
ix. Contractor will enable the MAS dashboards for MAS Health and Predict
using the data available. 
CONFIDENTIAL ~ DMS Template ID: 4355286 (v4) ~ pg. 12
x. Contractor will conduct end to end testing of deployment and
dashboard(s).
xi. Activity 6 Completion Criteria: The Services under Activity 6 will be
considered complete when the above tasks are completed.
xii. Activity 6 Deliverables: Contractor will provide Google an Asset Class 2
Model Validation Report. Model Validation Report will include the
following:
1. Goal of the modeling exercise (failure prediction, anomaly
detection, heath scoring)
2. Data sets used
3. Data quality summary
4. Modeling techniques used
5. Model results for each iteration
6. Model deployment considerations
7. Data required for the model scoring pipeline
8. Decisions / assumptions captured during validation sessions
h. Activity 7 - Deployment of Asset Class 1 (Generators) to Production
Environment. Under this activity, Contractor will perform the following Services:
i. Contractor will deploy the validated models for Generator Asset Class to
the production environment.
ii. Contractor will ingest the relevant data sets for the production
environment.
iii. Contractor will conduct execution of end to end flow for data ingestion,
model scoring, and dashboard testing in the Production Environment
iv. Activity 7 Completion Criteria: The Services under Activity 7 will be
considered complete when the above tasks are completed.
v. Activity 7 Deliverables: None
i. Activity 8 - Deployment of Asset Class 2 (Switchgear) to Production
Environment. Note: Google will perform the tasks under this Activity 8 and are
listed here for information purposes only. Under this activity, Google will perform
the following tasks:
i. Google will deploy the validated models for Switchgear Asset Class to the
Production environment.
ii. Google will ingest the relevant data sets for the Production environment
iii. Google will conduct execution end to end flow for data ingestion, model
scoring, and dashboard testing in the Production Environment.
iv. Activity 8 Completion Criteria: The Services under Activity 7 will be
considered complete when the above tasks are completed.
v. Activity 8 Deliverables: None
j. Activity 9 - UAT for Asset Class 1 (Generators). Under this activity, Contractor
will perform the following Services which include the following tasks for the
Generator asset class (Asset Class 1):
i. Contractor will provide support, as Google leads UAT on entire solution:
Data onboarding, Model prediction and dashboard.
ii. Activity 9 Completion Criteria: The Services under Activity 9 will be
considered complete when the above tasks are completed.
iii. Activity 9 Deliverables: None
CONFIDENTIAL ~ DMS Template ID: 4355286 (v4) ~ pg. 13
k. Activity 10 - Production Readiness for Asset Class 1 (Generator). Under this
activity, Contractor will perform the following Services which include the
following tasks for Asset Class 1:
i. Contractor will provide support, as Google leads planned Go-Live
Readiness tasks in the Production Environment
ii. Contractor will assist Google as Google completes the MAS solution GoLive checklist.
iii. Activity 10 Completion Criteria: The Services under Activity 10 will be
considered complete when the above tasks are completed.
iv. Activity 10 Deliverables: Contractor will provide Google a MAS SolutionRelated Go-Live Checklist
l. Activity 11 - Information Transfer. Under this activity, Contractor will perform the
following Services:
i. Contractor will conduct information transfer sessions for the MAS
components that were used for the solution. These sessions would be
limited to the Google business user persona/user groups, data scientist
and admin users.
ii. Activity 11 Completion Criteria: The Services under Activity 11 will be
considered complete when the information transfer sessions have been
provided to Google.
iii. Activity 11 Deliverables: Contractor will provide Google all information
transfer materials. These materials will include the following:
1. Ingestion of data into MAS
2. Overview of the models
3. Configuration of the model scoring pipelines
4. MAS administrative tasks
4.2 Services Location. Contractor will provide the Services from the following
location(s) (and any other locations that Google approves in writing) (check all that apply):
X Contractor's own facilities in: Varying locations across US and India
☐ Google-operated, vendor-occupied (GOVO) facilities in:
X Services will be provided through video conferencing.
5. Payment.
5.1 Fees and Invoicing. After Google accepts the applicable Services and
Deliverables, Contractor will invoice Google for completing the following milestones or
Deliverables:
Milestone or Deliverable Due Date Amount Invoiceable
on Acceptance [USD]
Weekly Status Reports Ongoing Total Billable Hours
accrued during the
applicable month.
Requirements Document End of Activity 2
(est. 4 weeks
after SOW
Effective Date)
Total Billable Hours
accrued during the
applicable month.
CONFIDENTIAL ~ DMS Template ID: 4355286 (v4) ~ pg. 14
Detailed Data Specification Document End of Activity 4
(est. 4 weeks
after SOW
Effective Date)
Total Billable Hours
accrued during the
applicable month.
Design Document for the Integration of Data
into MAS Platform
End of Activity 4
(est. 4 weeks
after SOW
Effective Date)
Total Billable Hours
accrued during the
applicable month.
Asset Class 1 Model Validation Report End of Activity 5
(est. 12 weeks
after SOW
Effective Date)
Total Billable Hours
accrued during the
applicable month.
Asset Class 2 Model Validation Report End of Activity 6
(est. 12 weeks
after SOW
Effective Date)
Total Billable Hours
accrued during the
applicable month.
MAS Solution-Related Go-Live Checklist – to
be done by Google
Activity 10 (est.
15 weeks after
SOW Effective
Date)
Total Billable Hours
accrued during the
applicable month.
Information Transfer Material Activity 11 (est.
18 weeks after
SOW Effective
Date)
Total Billable Hours
accrued during the
applicable month.
After Google accepts the applicable Services and Deliverables, Contractor will invoice
Google monthly for Billable Hours, at $177.00 per hour, up to a maximum 1,680 hours
(maximum Services charges of $297,360.00) during the SOW Term.
“Billable Hours” means the person-hours during which Contractor Personnel perform
Services.
Contractor represents and warrants that: 1) it will pay its Personnel in accordance with
all applicable legal and regulatory requirements; and 2) Contractor will keep complete
and accurate time keeping records of Contractor Personnel’s work necessary to
support the charges under this SOW.
5.2 Expenses. Check only one:
X Google will reimburse Contractor’s pre-approved, out-of-pocket expenses as follows,
subject to MSA Section 3.2 (Expenses):
Expense Type Not to Exceed [USD]
Travel-related (including transportation,
lodging, and meals)
10% of the Maximum
Total Cost
CONFIDENTIAL ~ DMS Template ID: 4355286 (v4) ~ pg. 15
5.3 Maximum Total Cost. The total invoiced amount for the services and deliverables,
excluding expenses, under this SOW will not exceed the following cap: $297,360.00 USD. This
cap (check only one):
! includes Taxes.
X excludes Taxes.
6. Google Responsibilities
6.1 Google Project Manager
Prior to the start of this project, Google will designate a person called Google Project
Manager who will be the focal point for Contractor communications relative to this
project.
Google Project Manager's responsibilities include the following:
a. Manage Google responsibilities for this project;
b. Serve as the interface between Contractor and all Google departments
participating in the project;
c. Administer any Change control procedure with the Contractor Project Manager
in accordance with the MSA, Section 2.4.
d. Participate in project status meetings.
e. Obtain and provide requested information, data, and decisions to Contractor
within a reasonable timeframe;
f. Resolve deviations from the estimated schedule, if caused by Google;
g. Help resolve project issues and escalate issues within Google organization.
h. Review with the Contractor Project Manager any of Google invoice or billing
requirements. Such requirements that deviate from the Contractor’s standard
invoice format or billing procedures may have an effect on price, and will be
managed through the Change Control Procedure in Section 2.4 of the MSA.
6.2 Google Other Responsibilities
a. Provide a license for the IBM software to be installed and configured and must
have a valid IBM Software Maintenance agreement (Passport Advantage,
Subscription & Support, Support Line, SoftwareXcel or Program Services
whichever applicable) as pre-requisite. The IBM Software to be supported has
not yet reached their end-of-Support dates.
b. Export the asset hierarchy from MAXIMO in a .csv file for priming the MAS
HPU instances.
c. If needed, provide support and development for non-IBM software.
d. Ensure that all software media required to perform the installation are
available and ready to use
e. Ensure that all ports and other firewall configuration are set according to
Contractor requirements.
f. Allow access to all involved systems to the Contractor consultant via VPN or a
remote screen sharing application such as WebEx or Google Meet.
g. Ensure that the required IBM Cloud environments are provisioned prior to
project start.
CONFIDENTIAL ~ DMS Template ID: 4355286 (v4) ~ pg. 16
7. Special Terms. The following special terms apply to this SOW: N/A
If you are signing on behalf of your company, you represent and warrant that you:
(1) have full legal authority to bind your company to these terms and conditions;
(2) have read and understood the MSA and this SOW; and
(3) agree to this SOW on behalf of your company.
If you do not have the legal authority to bind your company, do not sign this SOW.
Signed by the parties’ authorized representatives on the dates below.
GOOGLE CONTRACTOR
By: {{google_1_signature}}
Name: {{google_1_fullname}}
Title: {{google_1_title}}
Date: {{google_1_date}}
By: {{partner_1_signature}}
Name: {{partner_1_fullname}}
Title: {{partner_1_title}}
Date: {{partner_1_date}}