1|Page


Muskrat Falls Oversight Committee
Review of Project Cost and Schedule Forecast and Related Risk

Statement of Work

This Statement of Work, dated January 14, 2016 (this “SOW"), is made by HER MAJESTY lN RIGHT OF
NEWFOUNDLAND AND LABRADOR as represented by the Executive Council (the "Province") and Ernst 8.
Young LLP ("EY" or the “Consultant") based on the Agreement, effective April 1, 2015 between HER
MAJESTY lN RIGHT OF NEWFOUNDLAND AND LABRADOR as represented by the Executive Council and EY
(the "Agreement").

Except as otherwise set forth in this SOW, this SOW incorporates the Agreement by reference. The terms and
conditions of this SOW shall apply only to the advisory services covered by this SOW and not to services
covered by any other agreement or statementof work pursuant to the Agreement. Capitalized terms used.
but not otherwise defined, in this SOW shall have the meanings in the Agreement.

Background] objective

The objective of this review is to assess the reasonableness of the Muskrat Falis Project's (the "Project") cost
and schedule forecast, and identify opportunities to address any material/critical risks.

EY shall review work in-progress and/or completed by Naicor Energy (Naicor) for its cost and schedule
forecast, including an assessment of inputs required to complete the cost and schedule forecast.

This review is intended to look at the material/significant risks and their potential root causes in an effort to
provide the the Province with an independent perspective on the cost and schedule forecasts presented by
Nalcor.

EY will not develop its own cost, schedule and risk forecast but instead will assess the reasonableness of
that prepared by Nalcor. The review will focus on risks and issues that have the potential to materially
impact the Project.

Scope details

In order to review Nalcor's cost and schedule forecast, related risk and root causes and to make
recommendations for improvement, EY will carry out the following parallel work streams:

Work Stream 1 - Project Cost and Schedule Forecast Review

    To review Naicor’s cost and schedule forecast to complete the project, EY will:

    1. Develop an understanding of the work performed by Nalcor to arrive at its revised baseline of cost
       and schedule for the Project
    2. Understand the project’s cost performance to date, and review estimates to complete, variances and
       trends
    3.   Understand the project's schedule performance to date, and review revised schedules and forecasts,
       variances and trends
    4. Using the results of Workstream 1. 2 and 3. identify findings, as well as evaluate potential impacts, if
         any, to committed schedule and final forecast cost of the Project
    5. Recommend immediate and ongoing remedial actions, where appropriate, for consideration
2|Page


Work Stream 2 - Contract Level Review

   To review the Project's key and material contracts and identify cost and/or schedule exposure, EY will:

    1. Develop an understanding of the contract and commercial management approach, including risk
       allocation
       Review contractor reports, schedules and costs. performance, trends, variances and proposed
       changes and/or claims
       identify potential cost and schedule exposure in key/material contract
       Review ongoing remedial actions with regards to identified cost and schedule risk exposure in current
       contracts and make recommendations where appropriate for Nalcor's consideration

Work Stream 3 - Project Risk Management Review

   To review the Project's risk management approach, the Project's quantification of cost and schedule risk
   and its inclusion in the Project's cost and schedule forecast, EY will:

   1. Develop an understanding of the work performed by Nalcor to update the Project's risk profile and
       integrate risk into its cost and schedule forecast
   2. Review the risk management plans, reporting, risk logs and the current risk status of the Project as a
       whole                                            -
       Understand and identify interface risks and dependencies
       Review the development of management reserve and contingency provisions
       Assess potential cost and schedule exposure in the current Project approach to the management of
       risk
       Recommend immediate and ongoing remedial actions, where appropriate, for consideration in future
       management of Project risks


Deliverables

   1. An initial findings summary will be prepared by EY within three or four weeks of commencing the
       review. This summary will contain initial findings of the work undertaken up to that point in time and
       will identify early findings, including any critical risks and issues. it will also present
       recommendations for the Prevince’s consideration onthe focus and approach of EY's Work for the
       balance of the review.                                                                      ,

       A report will be drafted by EY early March 2016, with a final draft issued mid-March 2016. This
       report will contain findings and recommendations based on the objectives and scope set forth in this
       SOW.

       Status reporting will be provided by EY on a weekly basis to the appointed representative(s) from the
       Province.


Approach considerations and overview

   1. The Province will appoint a representative (or small steering committee) to interface directly with the
      EY team. Weekly status meetings will be held at the Province’s offices in St John's. The attendees,
      timing and duration of such meetings will be mutually determined during the first week of
      mobilization in January 2016.

       EY will conduct face to face meetings through the course of the Review with representatives from
       Nalcor. Meeting schedules and agenda will be provided in advance. it is expected that the timing,
       duration and frequency of these meetings will be dependent on agenda (general coordination,
        £3;
3!???



         interviews. results discussion/validation, etc). it is expected that meetings will be undertaken with
         the following   individuals. including:
                 a)       Nalcor senior leadership, including CEO and relevant VP’s
                 b)       Project Director
                 c)       Construction Managers (or equivalent) for construction packages
                 d)       Contract Managers (or equivalent) for material contracts
                 e)       Project Controls Leaders
                 f)       Other senior project leaders as deemed appropriate

   3. All meetings will take place in St John’s. it is expected that a limited number of site visits to Muskrat
      Falls may be needed. Video conferencing technology may be utilized where feasible.

   4.    EY has separately provided a preliminary data / information request list. Receipt of this information
         is requestedin a timely fashion to enable an efficient start of the review the second week of January.
         Additional information will be requested as required throughout the fieldwork

   5. Where appropriate, EY willleverage the work performed as part of its prior review of the Project's
      Cost and Schedule Management Processes and Controls, as well as existing reviews Naicor has
      already participated in.

The graphic below outlines EY’s propoSed work schedule (to be finalized week-of January 4th):

   Week                                                  v           a                                '
  starting    Dec-21 - Dec‘28 -’: ian~04 : Jan-11 - Jan-18 . Jan-ZS ? Feb~01                 Feb-08 : Feb-15       Feb-22 Mat-01
                                                                                                                                    /‘».




                         Milestone meetings] reporting

                                  ’1' 1 “'2'   Planning complete and agreements on approach with Province and Naicor

                                  )_ 2         Summary presentation of interim findings and updated strategy/plan for completing the
                                  /            EY assignment
                                  ./§\         Presentation of Final Draft Report {Final dependent on validation/acceptance period as
                                  \V‘ _./      agreed between Province and Nalcor)



Timing may be adjusted slightly depending on progress and the interim results of the review.
4|Page


EY Project LeadérShip Team

        David Steele - Local Engagement Partner. David leads EY's Advisory Services practice in St John's
        as well as related transformation services delivered specifically to the Province. He continues as the
        key point of contact for the Province in respect of EY's services related to the Project.

       Michael Kennedy - Engagement Delivery Partner. Michael leads EY's Capital Project and
       Infrastructure Advisory practice for Canada. Recently joining EY from a large EPC/EPCM firm, he
       brings credentials spanning billions of dollars in major capital initiatives across Canada. He will
       oversee the delivery of the services on the assignment as well as providing strategic program advice.

       Tim Calver - Engagement Lead. Tim brings direct industry experience in the planning, development
       and execution of large capital investment programs. He has 20 years of experience in the energy
       industry. including senior asset management, project delivery and business development roles in the
       UK and Europe.                                      '

EY Steering Group

       Paul Hickey - Local Relationship Partner. Paul is the senior partner in EY's St John's Office and is
       experienced in major initiatives. He will be the EY's key point of contact for senior level interactions
       with the Province and Nalcor.

       Kirsten Tisdale - Executive Advisor. Kirsten is EY Canada's National leader for the Public Sector
       practice. She brings a background of oversight of major projects at both Federal and Provincial level.
       She will also provide strategic advice to the Province during the course of the assignment and assist
       in the positioning and prioritizing of EY's service delivery.

       Malcolm Bairstow - Executive Advisor. Malcolm is EY's Global Leader for Capital Project and
       Infrastructure Advisory services. He will provide strategic advice to the Province as well as bring the
       best practices and resources from EY's global toam to support the assignment.

Key assumptions and limitations

The estimates, schedule and work products from this review are dependent on a range of assumptions
including the following:

   1. The review does not include an engineering design review, physical inspection or validation of
      construction process and quality management.
   2. Contract Award or approval to proceed is granted on or before January 8th 2016.
   3. The scope of work specified herein will be completed within the 8 week period from contract award
       as scheduled.                                                                           '
       The work schedule and the fee estimates herein will be dependent on the timely availability of data,
       access to resources and the full cooperation of the Province and Nalcor. and any contractors as
       agreed with the Province.
       All work products will be subject to client review.
       EY will respect commercial sensitivities as agreed between the Province and Nalcor.
SlPage


Other Terms and Conditions

    1. The services described in this scope of work are advisory in nature. EY will not render an assurance
       report or opinion under the scope of work, nor will the Services constitute an audit, review,
       examination, or other form of attestation as those terms are defined by the American Institute of
       Certified Public Accountants or Chartered Professional Accountants Canada. The scope of work will
       not constitute any legal opinion or legal advice. EY will not conduct a review to detect fraud or illegal
       acts.
       The Province will assign a qualified person to oversee the Services and will be responsible for
       management decisions relating to the Services, the use or implementation of the output of the
       Services and for determining whether the Services are appropriate for your purposes.
       EY may identify Project risks, however does not, and cannot, guarantee that it will identify all risks
       associated with the Project.
       EY will not identify, address or correct any errors or defects in lT systems, other devices or
       components thereof ("Systems"), whether or not due to imprecise or ambiguous entry, storage,
       interpretation or processing or reporting of data. EY will not be responsible for any defect or problem
       arising out of or related to data processing in any Systems.
       Output reports provided by EY hereunder, will be prepared solely in order to assist the Province in
       the context of the scope of work described above and EY assumes no duty, obligation or
       responsibility whatsoever to any other parties not bound by this SOW. The report will state that EY
       shall have no responsibility whatsoever to any third party which obtains a copy thereof; any use such
       a third party may choose to make of EY's report is entirely at its own risk. The Province shall provide
       the report to third parties only in its original, complete and unaltered form as provided by EY.
       Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this SOW, EY do not assume any responsibility for any
       third-party products, programs or services, their performance or compliance with the Province's
       specifications or otherwise.
       In the event the Province refers publicly to EY the Client shall use best efforts to consult EY as to the
       form and content of such disclosure in order to ensure that the scope of EY's involvement is factual
       and accurate. The Province shall not refer to EY as "auditor" or suggest that EY has been engaged to
       audit any aspect of the Project or suggest that EY‘s work is for the benefit of third parties.
       The EY partners, personnel. and agents providing Services hereunder or otherwise having access to
       EY information about the Project shall be governed by the obligations set out in the Ring-Fence
       Procedures Memo attached hereto as Appendix "A".

Schedule "B" of the Agreement will be read as Including these additional terms for the purpose of the
Services:

(continuing from the existing numbering):

5. The following is added as Article 123 in the General Terms and Conditions:
       12.3    Notwithstanding Article 12.1 and 12.2, the Services may involve EY review'of, or advice
               relating to, agreements to which the Province (which for the purpose of this clause shall
               include Nalcor Energy and its affiliated entities) is a party with, services performed by, or
               products produced by, a third party (an "EY Client") for which EY (or another EY Firm)
               performs, or has performed, services unrelated to the agreements, services, or products
                such EY Client performed or produced for the Province. The Province hereby acknowledges
                and consents to EY performance of such services for any EY Client, and agrees that the
                Province will not make a claim that these circumstances present a conflict of interest, real or
                perceived, for EY or any other EY Firm. if, however, EY should become aware of services for
                an EY Client that directly relate or related to the agreements, services, or products, EY will
                seek the written consent of the Province, Nalcor Energy, and the EY Client to the continued
                performance of the Services. in any event, EY confirms that, except as the Province and the
                EY Client otherwise agree in writing, each client's respective confidential or privileged
                information will remain confidential to that client in accordance with applicable professional
                standards.
6|Page


6. Notwithstanding section 13.1 (Subcontracting) of the Agreement, EY may subcontract portions of the
   Services as deemed necessary by EY.
7. Notwithstanding sections 7.2 and 7.3 (Liability) of the Agreement, the Province acknowledge and agree
   that the third party indemnity described in such sections shall not apply to any potential disputes,
   actions. claims or awards for compensation by or with Nalcor in relation to the Project.


EY Resources. Fees and Expenses:

EY has provided an initial estimate of fees for this review with a range of $750,000 to $1,250,000 based on
time and materials, with a target fee of $1,000,000 provided by the Province. These are estimates for
professional services, and do not include out of pocket costs (e.g. travel, accommodations, meals, etc.) or
applicable taxes. All out of pocket expenses will be charged at cost.

At this point it is difficult to determine the detailed level of effort that will be required to complete this
review, given that key opportunities for improvement requiring further analysis may be identified. Within the -
interim report expected to be late January/ early February 2016, EY will recommend a strategy for any
required further actions which will include a revised work plan and level of effort to complete such actions.
This will be presented and co-developed/agreed with the Province.




Signe

    (Editiﬁi.   “m?



Name: board      State.-
Title:    prmgﬂ.



Ernst & Young LLP




N        :wﬂ                                             .
TiztilriZ:e Ctewtwa hegem Cow. nope
Government of Newfoundland and Labrador
7|Page


Appendix A - Ring-Fence Procedures Memo

Internal Memorandum - Private and Conﬁdential


To:      Individuals Listed on ScheduIeA (the “Client Team")                                                              [Date]

cc:
From:




Ring-Fence Procedures - Muskrat Falls Oversight Committee Review of Project Cost and Schedule Forecast and
Related Risk



Ernst & Young LLP (“EY”) has been engaged to provide Her Majesty In Right of Newfoundland and Labrador as
represented by the Executive Council (”Client“) with an assessment of the Muskrat Falls Project's cost and schedule
forecast. and to identify opportunities to address any material or critical risks in relation to such project

The procedures listed below shall be followed to ensure that there is no transfer of information between the Client Team and
other EY personnel who have provided (or may be asked to provide) services to EY clients that are (or may become)
directly or indirectly involved in the engagement.

Violation of the procedures set out in this memorandum will result in sanctions, up to and Including dismissal. If
you have any questions with respect to these procedures, please contact your Client Team leader or Diane Osak,
Associate Director of Conﬂict Management, Risk Management Group.

1.    Members of the Client Team shall not communicate or otherwise disclose any information relating to the Client or the
      engagement (the “Client Information”) to anyone other than members of the Client Team. unless such communication
      or disclosure is speciﬁcally authorized by the Client Team Leader. Additionally, members of the Client Team shall not
      access any EY ﬁles, servers or information relating to the entities listed in Schedule B (”Major Contractors“).

2.    Access to any and all computer ﬁles relating to the Client Information shall be restricted to the Client Team.

3.    EY's ﬁles relating to the Client Information shall be segregated from the regular ﬁle system and shall be maintained in
      designated, locked locations.


4.    Prospective members of the Client Team will review the Major Contractors listed in Schedule B and confirm that they (i)
      have not performed services for Major Contractors in respect of the Muskrat Falls Project, (ii) will not perform services
      for Major Contractors in respect of the Muskrat Falls Project (without the consent of all parties involved), and (iii) shall
      sign the undertaking attached hereto as Schedule C prior to becoming members of the Client Team.

5.    Members of the Client Team who request other partners and staff members. including executive assistants, clerks or
      students to join the Client Team are responsible for (i) conﬁrming (by making the appropriate enquiries) that such
      person has not performed services for Major Contractors in respect of the Muskrat Falls Project; and (ii) ensuring that
      such person signs the undertaking attached hereto as Schedule C.

6.    In the event that members of the Client Team wish to access expertise from industry or other experts who are partners,
      associates or employees of EY or its afﬁliated entities, then unless such experts agree to be bound by the obligations of
      conﬁdentiality contained herein and sign the attached undertaking, such experts should not be provided with any
      information particular to the Client or Major Contractors in respect of the Muskrat Falls Project. Provided that this
      provision is complied with, the Client Team shall be at liberty to consult with such experts to obtain general advice in
      respect of an industry or other matter related to this engagement.
8iPage


7.   The principles contained in paragraph 6 above shall also apply when the Client Team seeks to access industry or other
     information through EY's Centre for Business Knowledge or other knowledge centres, whether afﬁliated with EY or not.




Each recipient must review this memorandum carefully and sign a copy of the attached Undertaking continuing
that he or she shall adhere to the provisions contained herein. Undertaklngs, with an attached copy of this
memorandum, must be returned to me, as soon as possible.




                                             SCHEDULE-A -THE CLIENT TEAM


[list members of the client team]




                                      SCHEDULE B - THE MAJOR CONTRACTORS


[list legal names of major subcontractors]




                                             SCHEDULE C — THE UNDERTAKING


UNDERTAKING

(To be signed by each member of the Client Team)

THE UNDERSIGNED hereby acknowledges receipt of a memorandum describing the confidentiality arrangements which
apply to Ernst & Young LLP in respect of its engagement described in the said memorandum. a copy of which is attached
hereto, and undertakes to observe all of the terms and conditions therein described as they relate to the undersigned's
role in such engagement.

DATED this           day of                   . 2016.




Signature:

Print Name:

Please return to Engagement Team Manager, after signing.
